[L2S-586] Adapted documentation about microservice versions and uploads (#3220)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/general-aspects-bundle/microservice-manifest.md

The version has an impact on the microservice upload behavior:

  * If the version is a snapshot, for example, "1.1.0-SNAPSHOT", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload.

>   * If the version is NOT a snapshot, for example, "2.0.0", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload, but only if the image version to be uploaded is higher than the last uploaded version.

Author: ```suggestion
  * If the version is NOT a snapshot, for example, "2.0.0", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload, but only if the image version to be uploaded is different to the last uploaded version.
```

>   * If the version is NOT a snapshot, for example, "2.0.0", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload, but only if the image version to be uploaded is different to the last uploaded version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the version is NOT a snapshot, for example, "2.0.0", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload, but only if the image version to be uploaded is different from the last uploaded version.
```

>   * If the version is NOT a snapshot, for example, "2.0.0", then Docker will update the image on each ZIP upload, but only for the case that the image version to be uploaded is higher than the last uploaded version.

Reviewer 2: Core ezwingt meines Wissens kein Schema wie z.B. https://semver.org/. Die nächste Version muss unterschiedlich sein aber nicht zwingenderwiese höher.

Author: Adapted accordingly

>   * If a new non-snapshot ZIP file for a microservice is uploaded but the version is the same as the previous, for example, "2.0.0", then this is not supported by the microservice installation.

Reviewer 3: minor:
...the version is the same as the previous **one**, for example...

Author: (Adapted already by Beate.)

>   * If a new non-snapshot ZIP file for a microservice is uploaded but the version is the same as the previous, for example, "2.0.0", then this is not supported by the microservice installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If a new non-snapshot ZIP file for a microservice is uploaded but the version is the same as the previous one, for example, "2.0.0", then this is not supported by the microservice installation.
```

>   * This means rollback of microservices to previously uploaded versions is not possible. In this case you have to delete the microservice and to upload the image again.

Reviewer 2: Die Schlussfolgerung erschliesst sich mir nicht. Ich meine aus der Tatsache dass wir es nicht untertützen, ein Binary mit einer schon bekannten Versionsnummer hochzuladen, schliesst nicht aus, dass wir Roöllback unterstützen könnten.

Ich würde vorschlagen den Satz wegzulassen

Author: I have changed the sentence without mentioning rollback.

>   * This means rollback of microservices to previously uploaded versions is not possible. In this case you have to delete the microservice and to upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Or you could create a new ZIP file with the old desired image inside and with a newer version for the upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This means that a rollback of microservices to previously uploaded versions is not possible. In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a newer version for the upload.
```

>   * This means that a rollback of microservices to previously uploaded versions is not possible. In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a newer version for the upload.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>   * This means that a rollback of microservices to previously uploaded versions is not possible. In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a newer version for the upload.

Author: ```suggestion
  * A rollback of microservices to previously uploaded versions is not supported. In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a newer version for the upload.
```

>   * This means that a rollback of microservices to previously uploaded versions is not possible. In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a newer version for the upload.

Author: ```suggestion
In this case you must delete the microservice and upload the previous ZIP file containing an older version again. Alternatively, you can create a new ZIP file with the old desired image and with a newer version for the upload.
```
